Stylized LowPoly Golem Pack
Version 1.0
Imitation Studios
Support@ImitationStudios.com
2/14/2020

Important information: 
   1. This package is designed to be used with Unity’s Mecanim system. There are NO animations included with this
   package. This package has been tested to work with a variety of animations and has been adjusted to them
   accordingly. This package is NOT guaranteed to work with any SPECIFIC animation unless specifically listed to do so by Imitation Studios. 
 
   2. The upper arm contains two pieces labeled with the letters “S” (Small) and “L” (Large). The large version
   should be used in all instances except when there is excessive animation clipping in the upper arms, in which
   case the smaller “S” version can be used.

   3. There are two “stone” pieces located above the waist and near the chest that are NOT visible in the T pose
   but are visible during some animations. Be aware of these pieces when assigning a different material as they
   are assigned separately.
 
Making changes to prefabs:
   This package is modular by design, providing thousands of possible armor/body combinations. 192 prefabs have
   set up initially, but new combinations can be made easily. To do so, start by creating a prefab variant of
   either the models FBX file, location in the “models” folder, or an already established prefab that closest
   resembles the setup you desire. In the prefabs editing window, changes can be made by simply enabling and
   disabling different body parts in the hierarchy. There are three common pieces labeled: “stone” (body), “metal”
   (armor), and “rivet” (armor). Some instances will require you to disable pieces in favor of others while in other
   instances the three common pieces can be enabled simultaneously. The standalone weapons can be added in a more
   traditional fashion as befitting an independent object. If you desire, the unused pieces can be deleted instead
   of disabled, but this is not recommended due to the lack of easy future changes after deletion.

If you have any questions you can contact us at: 
Support@ImitationStudios.com

Thank you for your support! If you like this package, please let us know by leaving a review! So, we can continue
to create useful packages that save you time and help you advance in the field!  
